Ah ah ah ah
Yes, today is the first customer of the company , even if you say it was submitted before the rs goal
But it is the car that I of delivered waiting for
It is the night Jets of Oh Rays
It's here , I think it might have been another one
rs well of course roof end spoiler piano
Spats and then side skirts
Then all to the front spoiler
Go you of it here led is it from
The core of
Or rather garnish
I have some plastic in it, but only xs led is in, but this time
And of course we also have the headlight tail lamps included in rs.
Of course it is the same as Swift sports
Or because there are three sides
Kanoa
Even the strings that are loaned
This is this this is this
I do not know whether this is attached or not
The room is silver stitch town
I'm pretty calm
It is feeling
Around the handle
The right side is cruise control left
Audio interlock switch and then paddle shift is also plus or minus
Mike is in this case is an individual But I kinda is another
Well, it's a perfect jet rs then it's a Swiss style
Because we are negotiating to our company
You might be able to see just maybe if you are able to anxious weekend
Today also than does not have a number is not a car delivery
Tomorrow Please hurry as much as possible Well it is if you're horse
I do not know if I will go away tomorrow
In it hopes the place where well-equipped even system of everyone effect
Please have to stay tuned this because I would like as much as possible to touch the topic of sports next time
So is Sayonara